# First Woman League
This is an application which should mimic functionality of league applications
made for extraleague like plusliga.pl, or lsk.plps.pl. It should provide user
with information about teams participating in the league, players, team scores and
tables and also match reports and player rankings. In order to do so, application
reads files generated by volleyball scouting software - Data Volley (.dvw). 

## Getting Started
To get started quickly and see what this application does please copy scouting files
to some easily accessible directory on your computer from web module resources, ScoutFiles
folder. Without logging to administration panel application will generate two teams, and few 
matches without match reports and results. In order to update those data you will need
to login to admin panel. Type http://localhost:8080/admin/ in your browser and in logging
window type "admin" as user name and "adminPass" as password. Now you're in administration 
panel where views have increased functionality. In match windows you can select and submit
scouting file (which you should have saved somewhere now) and go to match report. 
Match report will now be displayed but data will not be stored in database untill you click
the button to save statistics (scouting files are usually updated up to 24h after match
so information stored in them should not be stored in DB immediately). Now you can set score 
of the match. After clicking a button to update match result you will go to page with match 
result update. Here again I didn't want to be set from scouting file because it might happen
that I will have scouting file day after match is played, thats why score is separated from 
scouting file analysis. If you save match result and statistics you will be able to see
results in league table, and player rankings. If team from the scouting file is not present
it will be created from data stored in scouting file. 
If you go to teams view you will see the list of all teams. After clicking details you 
will see all team information, and player list which you can update by creating new players,
updating existing data (i.e adding height, position, age) or deleting one. In edit team view 
you can change team data (coaches info, adress to web page or facebook fanpage). After logging
out all data entered will be available to browse.  

### Prerequisites
There are no prerequisites required to used this app, although understanding 
of volleyball in general will be helpfull in navigating site. 


## Deployment
Application will hopefully be deployed on AWS Amazon

## Built With
Maven - Dependency Management

## Author
Rafał Zając  
